[Music]
now there was a famine in the days of
David for three years year after year
and David inquired of the Lord and the
Lord answered it is because of Saul and
his bloodthirsty hoes because he killed
the Gibeonites so the king called the
Gibeonites and spoke to them
now the Gibeonites were not of the
children of Israel but of the remnant of
the amorite the children of Israel had
sworn protection to them but Saul had
sought to kill them in his zeal for the
children of Israel and Judah
therefore David said to the Gibeonites
what shall I do for you and with what
shall I make atonement that you may
bless the inheritance of the Lord we
will have no silver or gold from Saul or
from his house nor shall you kill any
man in Israel for us whatever you say I
will do for you as for the man who
consumed us and plotted against us that
we should be destroyed from remaining in
any of the territories of Israel let
seven men of his descendants be
delivered to us and we will hang them
before the Lord in Gibeah of Saul whom
the Lord chose I will give him but the
king spared Mephibosheth the son of
Jonathan the son of Saul because of the
Lord's earth that was between them
between David and Jonathan the son of
Saul so the king took a Monet and
Mephibosheth the two sons of Risborough
the daughter of ager whom she bought a
soul and the five sons of Michael the
daughter of Saul whom she brought up the
Adriel the son of Barzillai the mahalo
fight and he delivered them into the
hands of the Gibeonites and they hanged
them on the hill before the Lord
so they fell all seven together and were
put to death in the days of harvest
in the first days in the beginning of
barley harvest now rispa the daughter of
ager took sackcloth and spread it for
herself on the rock from the beginning
of harvest until the late rains poured
on them from heaven and she did not
allow the birds of the air to rest on
them by day nor the beasts of the field
by night and david was told what whisper
the daughter of age the concubine of
soul had done then david went and took
the bones of soul and the bones of
jonathan his son from the men of jabish
Gilead who had stolen them from the
street of beth shean where the
philistines had hung them up after the
philistines had struck down soul in
Gilboa so he brought up the bones of
soul and the bones of jonathan his son
from there and they gathered the bones
of those who had been hanged they buried
the bones of soul and Jonathan his son
in the country of Benjamin in xela in
the tomb of Kish his father so they
performed all that the king commanded
and after that God heeded the prayer for
the land when the Philistines were at
war again with Israel David and his
servants with him went down and fought
against the Philistines and David grew
faint then ish by Bernard who was one of
the sons of the giant the weight of
whose bronze spear was three hundred
shekels who was bearing a new sword for
he could kill David but Abishai the son
of Zahra ayah came to his aid and struck
the Philistine and killed him then the
men of David swore to him you shall go
out no more with us to battle lest you
quench the lamp of Israel
how it happened afterward but there was
again a battle with the Philistines at
God then civic I that you sure fight
killed South who was one of the sons of
the giant again there was war at gob
with the Philistines where our Hainan
the son of Jerry Oregon the Bethlehem
ight killed the brother of goliath the
gittite the shaft of whose spear was
like a Weaver's beam yet again there was
war at Gath where there was a man of
great stature who had six fingers on
each hand and six toes on each foot 24
in number and he also was born to the
Giant so when he defied Israel Jonathan
the son of shamea David's brother killed
him these four were born to the giant in
Gath and fell by the hand of David and
by the hand of his servants